Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
Master, where to next?
Well, we got the hot pot ingredients,
so that leaves toilet paper and shampoo...
Rumble
I guess popularity gets you places...
Must be cool having your own action figure.
I will contact a toy manufacturer.
Nah. That's the kind of thing
you wait for them to ask you about.
Let's go.
Right!
Master, where to?
What the hell—?!
My obsession with reptiles has turned me into one!
I am the great Tongue-Stretcher!
It's a monster!
Run!
All you sweet young things are mine now.
See, you're gonna bear my brood!
Whoa, you surprised me!
Th-That aura...
That face!
Rumble
H-He's no ordinary man.
Not again... I don't want to be a hero anymore.
That's the hero they say
is the strongest man on Earth!
It's King!
No wonder he looks familiar! This dude's a legend!
He'll take you out with one punch!
Gimme your autograph!
King! King!
King! King! King! King!
King! King! King!
I-I-I sincerely apologize for what I've done, sir!
Hell yeah, King!
That pervy creep!
Disgusting!
Teach him a lesson, King!
How did it come to this?
The monster's on its knees apologizing!
King's the real deal!
King, are you here because you
sensed the monster's presence?
No, I was just out shopping and—
Hey, hold up!
Who do you think you are,
talking to King so casually?
It's fine, I don't—
Just a handshake, then?
I have things to do.
Could you let me through?
W-We're so sorry!
Give him room! Break it up!
Video Game Shop
Puzzles
Second-Hand
Games
Thank you very much!
All right, got me a copy...
HEARTTHROB HOTTIE SISTERS
"Heartbeat Hottie Sisters 2", the limited edition.
Nothing like that feeling on the
walk home after you buy a game.
Can't wait to get home and play.
Class S, Rank 7
King
Master, that does appear to be King.
Who?
One of the heroes from the Class S meeting.
I've been waiting three years for this sequel.
My body is ready!
Return of the Hero
Café
King...
He's claimed the title of "strongest
new hero" in spite of you, Master.
Oh...
However,
what could he be doing around here?
M-Monster!
A monster?
Master, we must—
No, wait.
This might be a good opportunity
to observe King's capabilities.
Let's see what he does.
My moniker is G4.
I am a Machine God created by The Organization.
You are King, the Class S hero.
Prepare to be liquidated!
Look! It's King! That's him over there!
You do know that I am King, the strongest man
on Earth, ranked seventh of the Class S heroes?
I've come here to kill you!
What's that sound?
You don't know about the King Engine?
It's the sound of King going into battle.
They say not a single monster
has heard it and survived.
Know this.
I am conducting a live test of my combat AI systems.
For data collection purposes,
I expect you to fight at maximum strength.
Is this thing a robot?
Built by "The Organization"?
What's he talking about?
Very well.
But I gotta hit the john first.
When I hold it in, I can only exert 50-percent power.
Can't collect good data that way, eh?
I will wait here for ten minutes.
For every extra minute, ten humans will die.
Understood?
That's a tough-looking monster.
Master, that appears to be a robot.
A very powerful one, at that.
Possibly higher-spec than me.
A troublesome foe of at least threat level Demon.
What will King's strategy be against such a foe?
Public Bathroom
So you've come to kill me?
Why is this happening to me?!
I'm scared. Scared, damn it!
I'm not strong!
I'm just a 29-year-old unemployed shut-in nerd!
Rumble
King Engine?! What a load!
It's bullshit!
Rumble
It's just my heart pounding in fear!
Rampaging monsters just show up wherever I go,
then while I look the other way,
someone else defeats them!
And somehow the same thing
keeps happening over and over!
That's all it is!
Before I knew it, I was sent a Class S hero certificate
and became the "strongest rookie".
It's my bad for not denying it,
but I never dreamed it'd come to this!
I'm so screwed...
I don't wanna be a hero.
Here it comes!
Think!
There's got to be a way...
No, I'm fucked!
It's not like a robot will be afraid of my name!
I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
Someone's fighting instead of me.
I'm saved!
What was that, a Rocket Punch?
Want help, Genos?
No!
You told me to aim to become
one of the top 10 of Class S.
I will handle this!
I have to be able to handle this on my own!
Sure.
Don't get yourself killed.
Warning! Emergency evacuation!
A robotic combat engine is wreaking havoc
in the vicinity of City M Central Park.
Please evacuate in an orderly manner.
I made it home, but man...
I'm sure that robot is gonna give me nightmares.
Maybe I'll just play some games and forget about it.
The "Heartbeat Hottie Sisters"
series always aces their intro.
Now this is excitement!
m -1211 196 l -1178 -6 -520 -12 -538 85 -330 80 -325 196 -998 202
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m -122 70 l 122 70 0 -141
Hi, big fella! Enter your name.
My name, huh?
Using my real name would be lame.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Enter your name.
What, then...
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
m 4 -12 l 9 116 569 118 566 46 415 41 410 -12
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
How about "King"?
No, not my hero name.
If someone saw the Hottie Sisters
saying, "Oh hi there, King!", I'd...
...What?
Wait.
H-Huh?
Who's this guy? Why's he here?
Your window was open.
This is the 22nd floor.
Hey, listen!
m 14 -1 l 5 39 160 85 164 59 125 48 128 33
Hi, big fella!
Enter your name.
You can't just barge into a person's home.
A-Are you aware that I'm a Class S hero?
Yeah, I know. King, right?
H-He's that Class B hero from the Class S meeting...
May I have some tea?
But...
I didn't take you for the type
to play this sort of game.
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella!
m 11 -10 l 348 -70 352 -14 454 -28 463 40 10 119
Enter your name.
Hi, big fella! Enter your name.
Kill me now!
What's this game?
Looks like fun.
Huh? Oh, that's an action game!
Battle Robot
Galgangal
Do you control a robot?
Yes, exactly!
Oh.
That's actually my kind of game.
I thought this was action too,
but it turned out to be a romance game!
Damn it, bought the wrong one!
It says "Heartbeat Hottie Sisters" right on it.
It does?! Not "Hurt the Haughty Starbusters"?!
Oh, I've been scammed! I'm tossing it!
Then let's play this one.
Good idea. That one's better...
Wait.
You want to play?
Can't I? You've got time, right?
What's with this guy?
He's pretty pushy for a Class B.
I mean, I outrank him...
Incinerate.
Your internal components are slag now.
Your huge body was your downfall.
The pilot?
No,
its true form.
Oh, crap!
Hey, King, you're really good.
Well, I've won a few fighting game tournaments.
Tournament champ?
You're strong in real life,
and a champ in games, too?
How long is this guy staying?
Just go...
So, why'd you run off earlier?
I mean, Genos is fighting the monster now,
but you're a crazy-strong Class S hero, right?
How come you ran from that robot monster?
I followed you here to ask you,
but you were just playing games.
You bored of fighting monsters?
Could it be that you're so strong,
you don't feel like fighting?
Please. Talk to me.
This is an emergency evacuation warning.
A giant bird monster has appeared
in the skies above City M.
Threat level: Demon.
Seek shelter and remain indoors.
Another one.
We repeat...
That's the third one today.
What're you gonna do? Think I'll head out.
That startled me.
You know, these threats
keep coming straight to you.
Something about you may
be attracting monsters, King.
He's right.
I've always had awful luck.
How would you handle this?
And lately, it's been the absolute worst.
This thing came to your place.
You kinda have to fight.
These beams are killing me.
Come down here!
My objective is King alone.
I have no time for your games!
Please, just give me a break!
Again, and again, and again!
I just happen to get caught up.
All I ever do is run away.
And then someone else beats the monster.
I just find myself passing by,
then people think I was the one that defeated it.
I've never even been in a fight.
"King".
"The hero's hero".
"The strongest man on Earth".
How do I deserve those titles?
What a joke...
I'm just a giant ball of lies!
Curse you!
What's this?!
Stop your infernal—
The steam is diffusing my lasers!
You seem to be targeting King,
but I know a man who is even stronger.
Aren't you going to fight, King?
You have it all wrong!
The King the public adores isn't me!
Oh! I have to tell him!
If I don't, he'll...!
You see, I'm actually—
What you said, is it true?
Your reputation and record... those are all lies?
When you wet your pants after the bird appeared,
that was for real?
How's he still standing there?
Where's the bird?
Did he...
Huh?!
You all right?
Help!
Somebody!
Hey! Easy there.
I took the monster down.
Is your eye okay?
Open it slowly.
Can you see?
Wh-Who are you?
Me?
You know...
Just your average hobby hero.
But you're hurt...
This? It's not so bad...
Plus, I scored a big win today!
It's you...
Hey! What's the matter? Hey!
I'm so sorry!
Is it fun for you?
Being a hero while telling lies and running away?
It's no fun at all.
Well, it's not my business,
and I'm not going to lecture you.
Um...
I might have gotten credit for
some of your victories, Saitama.
Credit isn't the issue here.
You're everyone's hero now.
No, I'm just—
Whatever you're gonna say,
Rumble
everyone thinks you're the strongest hero there is.
King, do you want to keep on lying?
Or quit being a hero?
I can't find the courage to decide...
Then why don't you just get strong?
What?
I'm heading out.
See you.
Hold on!
You're not angry?
You worked so hard to become a hero, while I...
I'll drop by again to play games.
Okay?
Hey!
Yeah...
Sure.
Doctor Kuseno.
This came from a robot that
called itself "Machine God G4".
It possessed incredible power
and a highly advanced AI.
If any of its components are compatible,
please install them on me.
Th-this is...
Genos, how did you obtain this thing?
Doctor,
I have to become stronger.
Very well, I'll see what I can do.
There are still places where we can improve you.
Thank you very much.
But Genos, though you became
a cyborg to pursue justice,
you mustn't take it too far.
No. Pushing my limits comes with the job.
My goal now is to make the Class S top 10.
The reckless goal from that mentor of yours, yes?
I had a feeling you'd mention that.
Be that as it may, Genos, speaking of cyborgs...
Have you found any clues to track down
the cyborg that destroyed your hometown?
Lately, you seem focused on being a hero.
Unfortunately, I have found no clues.
I see.
Still—
That rogue cyborg has attacked
many towns and killed many people.
I will find him
and tear him apart with my own hands.
Whatever it takes,
whatever the cost!
He has become a hero and found a mentor,
yet the hatred remains unabated...
I'm worried about you, Genos.
I am on the trail of that cyborg as well.
I'm painfully aware of how dangerous he can be.
If you should encounter him, don't do anything rash.
Instead, contact me immediately!
You are cool-headed and smart.
But the passions of youth can lead one to ruin.
Don't try to fight him alone.
Doctor Kuseno, I understand.
We will fight that battle together.
I lead the Hero Association Earthdoom Prophecy
Emergency Countermeasures Team.
You can call me Sitch.
Let me start by thanking you all,
the members of the criminal underworld,
for answering our call.
As I said before,
nothing of your nefarious pasts,
records, or activities will be discussed.
This is not a trap.
The heroes you see are here only for my protection.
"Heroes", he says?
Sounds like fun. We'll kill 'em dead!
They will take no action
unless you do something foolish.
What, like taking over your little HQ here?
I see wanted men with huge bounties
on their heads, top assassins, even escapees...
What could Sitch have been thinking,
inviting this scum to HQ?
Class A Rank 7
Magicman
I don't know what he's gathered them for,
Class A, Rank 5
Heavy Tank Loincloth
but I never expected criminals to just waltz in here.
At the first sign of trouble, I'm letting loose.
Class A, Rank 6
Blue Fire
I have three Class A heroes,
each with Class S combat skills.
With them here, I doubt anyone
would be stupid enough to get violent.
Shall we begin, then?
Hold it.
Where is the hero called "Saitama"?
Doesn't he live in this building?
Huh? Who are you?
At any rate, please save unrelated topics for later.
What I have to say is important.
He's not here?
Then I'm done.
Think you can leave without hearing us out?
You came, so you're staying.
"Occurrences of Tiger-level threats
and above are extremely high."
"This month, levels are six times
the average of the past three years."
"This could indicate the 'Earthdoom' prophecy
of the Great Seer Shibabawa is approaching,"
Earthdoom Prophecy Emergency Countermeasures Team
Introductory Briefing
"or perhaps that it has already begun."
"If this continues, our heroes will
become exhausted and be overwhelmed."
"The prophecy says an unprecedented disaster
will befall the Earth within six months."
"Current conditions make it
clear that the threat remains."
Earthdoom Prophecy Emergency Countermeasures Team
Introductory Briefing
"We've begun sending out even Class S heroes,"
"but there are too many threats to handle them all."
"The situation will only escalate,
and we fight to protect all of humanity."
"Therefore, despite your character issues,
we are asking the able fighters among you"
"to assist us in our efforts."
So that's what this is?
I refuse.
Introductory Briefing
Why, that—!
I didn't hand those out yet!
Introductory Briefing
How did he—?!
If I had to play hero with you people,
I'd puke my guts out!
Damn it.
What a waste.
It was a good opportunity for
an outsider to slip into Hero HQ.
But all I know is his name, face,
and that he's Class B, Rank 33.
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
m -947 -141 l -1088 977 1263 993 1295 -257
•  Hero Name
Saitama
•  Hero Rank
Class B, Rank 33
This guy? For real?!
I don't believe it.
Yes...
His scores were the highest
ever on the physical tests.
Miss Fubuki!
Class B, Rank 1
Blizzard from Hell
No
trespassing
Despite no further notable reports of achievements,
he rose from Class C to Class B.
And at a record pace.
There's something about this man.
There has to be something.
Some secret to his strength.
We'll need to locate him first.
Right!
I'll make sure I find him, and then he'll regret
twice embarrassing Speed-o'-Sound Sonic.
We're coming for you,
Just you wait,
Saitama!
Hey, why're you taking all the items?
Quit screwing around.
You snooze, you lose.
We're playing co-op, dumbass!
I haven't gotten one power-up!
How can we beat the boss?
I can beat him alone. It'll be fine.
Oh, the controller broke.
What?
The power lies in my hand
You'll know now, ONE PUNCH!
Heion datta machi ni
Through the one-time tranquil town
Gouon hibikasekuru zo
Thunderous roars begin to fill the air
Yabai! kebai! Monsters!
Watch out! Freak out! Monsters!
Senjin kin no dare da?
Who will stand to take the lead
Kaijin haijo no sai wa
When we slay the evil ones?
Hakai & gokai…bureikou!
Carnage, chaos, who to call?
We know we are
Heroes!
(Ah) naze aku ni
(Ah) Why on earth were you
(Omae) umareta no ka?
(Why were you) born of an evil force?
(Kotae) shiritai nara
(The answer) If you too wish to know
(Tokubetsu) oshieyou
(Is special) Then I shall tell!
Konya seigi no
This night the fist of justice
panchi de dohade ni
Is coming for you
Chiru no ga sadame
And your fate is to be punched straight to hell!
(HERO) sono na wa yatsu no tame ni aru
(HERO) That word exists for you, indeed, for you alone
(Go! Go!) seijaku no ken wo tsukiagero!
(Go! Go!) Thrust forth your silent fist, raise it to the sky!
(HERO) kodoku wo seou aposutoru
(HERO) The solitude is borne by the apostle for
(Go! Go!) nikushimi janai heiwa wo
(Go! Go!) A peace not brokered from hatred and fear
Mamoru dake sa
All to defend the world!
(HERO) Raise your power!
ONE PUNCH!
Earthdoom Prophecy Emergency Countermeasures Team
Introductory Briefing
Guess we'll be compensated for our time, yeah?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
This "prophecy" is pretty sweet...
Human Monster